RHDEVDOCS-6023: Installing Argo Rollouts CLI (#76625)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-installing-argo-rollouts-cli-using-linux.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo_rollouts/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-installing-argo-rollouts-using-linux_{context}"]

> = Installing Argo Rollouts CLI using Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Installing Argo Rollouts CLI by using Linux
```

Author: Fixed.

> For Linux, you can install Argo Rollouts CLI by performing the following steps.

Reviewer: To improve the sentence a little bit: (I am not sure about using "following steps" if we first have prereqs:
```suggestion
If you are a Linux user, you can install Argo Rollouts CLI by performing the steps described in this procedure.
```

Author: Fixed.

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed the {OCP} CLI (oc).

Reviewer: Just making sure, are these all the prereqs? What about creating a RolloutManager custom resource?

Author: Yes, this was the only pre-req required and added in the draft document attached in the JIRA ticket for this PR.

Reviewer 2: I can confirm RolloutManager resource is not required to install the CLI.

.Procedure

> . Download the latest version of the Argo Rollouts CLI binary, `kubectl-argo-rollouts`, by running the following command using `curl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Download the latest version of the Argo Rollouts CLI binary, `kubectl-argo-rollouts`, by running the following command:
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> .Example - Downloading the Argo Rollouts CLI binary

Reviewer: We don't use example title for commands: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#code-blocks-command-syntax-and-example-output
```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed.

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
```

Reviewer: this is a terminal, not a YAML file

Author: Fixed.

----

> curl -LO https://github.com/argoproj/argo-rollouts/releases/latest/download/kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64

Reviewer: Add Example output, if any

Author: Hi @eromanova97 - There is no explicit example output apart from the fact that if you run a ls -;lh it just state the name of the binary that is downloaded, i.e. kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64. Do you think that a one line statement that this binary package is downloaded would be fine?

Reviewer: Yes, that sounds great :+1:

> curl -LO https://github.com/argoproj/argo-rollouts/releases/latest/download/kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ curl -LO https://github.com/argoproj/argo-rollouts/releases/latest/download/kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64
```

Author: Fixed.

----

> . Ensure that the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary is executable by running the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure that the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary is executable by running the following command:
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> .Example - Marking the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary as executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Fixed.

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
```

Author: Fixed.

----

> chmod +x ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64

Reviewer: Add Example output

Author: No example output available.

> chmod +x ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ chmod +x ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64
```

Author: Fixed.

----

> . Move the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary to the system PATH by running the following command.

Reviewer: Why is the path capitalised here? 
```suggestion
. Move the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary to the system path by running the following command:
```

+

> .Example - Moving the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary to the system path

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Fixed.

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
```

----

> sudo mv ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/kubectl-argo-rollouts

Reviewer: Is this path always the same for every Linux user? or should it be a variable?

Author: Let me confirm this with the SME.

Reviewer 2: The short answer is yes, the path would be the same for all Linux users, and likewise this is the same [step as described in the upstream docs](https://argo-rollouts.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installation/#manual), implying it is sufficiently universal for all users.

> sudo mv ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/kubectl-argo-rollouts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sudo mv ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/kubectl-argo-rollouts
```

Author: Fixed.

> sudo mv ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/kubectl-argo-rollouts

Reviewer: Also, is adding `sudo` here neccessarry? I would rather mention to the note that this command might have to be run with superuser priviledges.

Author: Let me check this with the SME.

Author: I discussed this further with the SME and will add a note stating that superuser privileges are required to run this command. Thanks @eromanova97

Author: Fixed.

----

> The Argo Rollouts CLI binary is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This sentence is unnecesarry.

Author: Fixed.

> .Verification
> 
> After you have completed the installation of the Argo Rollouts CLI plugin, verify the installation of the Argo Rollouts CLI plugin by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the pluging is installed correctly by running the following command:
```

Author: Fixed,

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

Author: Fixed.

> .Example - Verifying the Argo Rollouts version

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Fixed.

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
```

Author: Fixed.

Author: Fixed.

----

> oc argo rollouts version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc argo rollouts version
```

Author: Fixed.

----

> As a result, the following output is displayed:
> 
> .Example - Output of the Argo Rollouts version command
> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
```

Reviewer: this is how you add exmaple outputs, see: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#code-blocks-command-syntax-and-example-output

Author: Fixed.

----
kubectl-argo-rollouts: v1.6.6+737ca89
  BuildDate: 2024-02-13T15:39:31Z
  GitCommit: 737ca89b42e4791e96e05b438c2b8540737a2a1a
  GitTreeState: clean
  GoVersion: go1.20.14
  Compiler: gc

>   Platform: linux/amd64

Reviewer: how will the user determine that the installation worked correctly? Is there anything to look for in this output? Add callouts.

Author: As per my interaction with the SME, the installation is completed after the 3rd step in this procedure. The verification steps are added to check the version of the downloaded binary package.

Reviewer 2: Verification steps will also verify that the installation was completed correctly.

----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

Author: Fixed.

[NOTE]
====
The output of the `oc argo rollouts version` command displays the build date, version, and platform of the Argo Rollouts binary.

> ====

Reviewer: Why adding this as a note? This would be better to add as a callout or just a description following the output

Author: Added it in the callout created after the command execution.
